feat(apple): InApp stack frames (#3149)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/usage.mdx

This integration will swizzle some methods to create breadcrumbs e.g.: for `UIApplicationDidReceiveMemoryWarningNotification`, `sendAction:to:from:forEvent:` (UI interactions) or `viewDidAppear:` those breadcrumbs will be attached to your events.

## In App Stack Frames

> To highlight essential frames of your stacktrace, the Sentry UI only displays frames related to your application by default. Sentry marks such frames as inApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To highlight essential frames of your stacktrace, sentry.io displays frames related to only your application by default. Sentry marks such frames as inApp.
```

Reviewer 2: Do we have a special section about InApp frames in the docs shared across all SDKS?

Reviewer 2: We have this one: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/data-management/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames

I suggest we move this doc elsewhere other than `usage`.

It's a very generic kind of page IMHO.

Author: The information on this page is not generic, though. It's very specific to Apple. We could make it top level or put it below Advanced Usage, for example.

Reviewer 3: before merging this, what's about to the suggested page https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/data-management/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames but adding the `supported` flag which is gonna make it visible only for `apple` anyway? because this page looks like the best place to be anyway.

> To highlight essential frames of your stacktrace, the Sentry UI only displays frames related to your application by default. Sentry marks such frames as inApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To highlight essential frames of your stacktrace, the Sentry UI only displays frames related to your application by default. Sentry marks such frames as `inApp`.
```

> To achieve this, the SDK only sets the inApp flag for frames originating from the main executable by using the [CFBundleExecutable].
> Public frameworks such as UIKitCore, CoreFoundation, GraphicsServices, etc., are always marked as not inApp.
> For private frameworks, such as Sentry, there is a difference between dynamic or static frameworks. If you are not familiar with these terms, we recommend
> reading [Dynamic Library Programming Topics].

Reviewer: Looks like we can delete like 59 given the content on lines 61 and 62.
```suggestion
To achieve this, the SDK sets the `inApp` flag for frames originating from only the main executable by using the [CFBundleExecutable].
Public frameworks such as UIKitCore, CoreFoundation, GraphicsServices, and so forth, are always marked as `not inApp`.
For private frameworks, such as Sentry, dynamic or static frameworks differ. If you are not familiar with these terms, we recommend
reading [Dynamic Library Programming Topics].
```

[CFBundleExecutable]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/cfbundleexecutable
[Dynamic Library Programming Topics]: https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/DeveloperTools/Conceptual/DynamicLibraries/000-Introduction/Introduction.html

> ### Dynamic Frameworks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynamic Frameworks

```

> If you use dynamic frameworks, such as, for example, Sentry, the SDK marks these as not inApp. In case you have a private framework that should be inApp,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use dynamic frameworks, such as, for example, Sentry, the SDK marks these as `not inApp`. In case you have a private framework that should be `inApp`,
```

you can use <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#in-app-include">inAppInclude</PlatformLink> or <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#in-app-exclude">inAppExclude</PlatformLink> of the SentryOptions.

```swift {tabTitle:Swift}
import Sentry

SentrySDK.start { options in
    options.dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___"

    // The SDK marks all frameworks starting with MyBusinessLogic as inApp
    options.add(inAppInclude: "MyBusinessLogic")

    // The SDK marks all frameworks starting with MyFramework as not inApp
    options.add(inAppExclude: "MyFramework")
}
```

```objc {tabTitle:Objective-C}
@import Sentry;

[SentrySDK startWithConfigureOptions:^(SentryOptions *options) {
    options.dsn = @"___PUBLIC_DSN___";

    // The SDK marks all frameworks starting with MyBusinessLogic as inApp
    [options addInAppInclude:@"MyBusinessLogic"];

    // The SDK marks all framework starting with MyFramework as not inApp
    [options addInAppExclude:@"MyFramework"];
}];
```

> ### Static Frameworks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Static Frameworks

```

When using static frameworks, the frameworks end up in the main executable. Therefore, the SDK currently can't detect if a frame of the main executable

> originates from your application or a private framework and marks all of them as inApp. To improve your experience, use <PlatformLink to="/data-management/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames">stack trace rules</PlatformLink> to tell Sentry which it should mark not as inApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
originates from your application or a private framework and marks all of them as `inApp`. To improve your experience, use <PlatformLink to="/data-management/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules/#mark-in-app-frames">stack trace rules</PlatformLink> to tell Sentry which should be marked as `not inApp`.
```
